Fifth official meeting log
06. Mar 2019 11:00

Present: Adrian, Will, Alessandro, Peter


Going over the report
	Right now we're assuming the deadline for the report is at the end of the midterm break.
	The intro part of the report is probably best left for closer to the deadline.
	
Alessandro will create a splash image for the report: 
	A (bad) Photoshop of our faces onto a picture of the power rangers.

Adrian will get to work this week on starting a simple UML diagram for the project that we can base parts
of the report on. 

Defining smells in software spec (3)
We talked a lot about how we're defining our smells in the software spec. We'll be writing up a definition
of each smell along with a plan for how to detect that smell. Potentially with examples and images for some smells.


Here's the list of smells that we'll try to cover	:
Bloated Code
Feature Envy
Inappropriate Intimacy
Too many literals
Primitive obsession
God Complex
Lazy Classes
Arrowhead Indention
Many/long switch statements
Temporary fields (local variables created as fields)
Refused Bequest (Overriding and not calling super)
Violation of data privacy/public fields
Data-only classes
Dead code
Message chaining
Middle Man

Everyone covers four smells in the report at a first come first serve basis.

Define Sprints in more detail 3 sprints over about 6 weeks
1. MVP
	1 smell -> Primitive obsessions
	Simples possible Data Structures and parsing
	Simple front and
	By end of Midterm break ideally

2. Acceptable 
	about 6 smells
	Decent pressing and Data structures
	Decently working front and
	Potentially a Minimal CLI
	2 weeks after midterm: 8 and 9
	
3. Last Features
	specify expectations when we get there
	2 Weeks:: 10 and 11
	
	
	Use week 12 for cleaning up and making sure project works.
	

Other notes

We need to somehow store every place a method/class/variable/etc, is used in code.
For example:
	A method call is listed in the class that the method is called on, and in the method itself.


We'll try getting to export the report as a PDF

